readme.md, before:

# NuxtTS Boilerplate

> Boilerplate project for Nuxt with TypeScript for building universal web application

Nuxt is a framework for creating Universal Vue Applications.

## Contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Resources](#resources)

### Getting Started

#### With Docker

make sure to install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) in your device

```
// to setup an container
$ make setup

// to run in development mode
$ make run-dev

// to run in production mode
$ make run

// to run storybook
$ make storybook
```

#### Manual

make sure to install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

```
// to get into project directory
$ cd app

// to install dependency
$ yarn install

// to run in development mode
$ yarn dev

// to run in production mode
$ yarn build && yarn start

// to run storybook
$ yarn storybook
```

### Dependencies

- [Nuxt HTTP Module](https://http.nuxtjs.org/)
- [NuxtJS Storybook](https://storybook.nuxtjs.org/)

### Resources

- [Vue.js Guide](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
- [Nuxt.js Guide](https://nuxtjs.org/guide)
- [Nuxt Typescript](https://typescript.nuxtjs.org/)

Commit message:

add unit test with jest

readme.md, after:

# NuxtTS Boilerplate

> Boilerplate project for Nuxt with TypeScript for building universal web application

Nuxt is a framework for creating Universal Vue Applications.

## Contents

- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Resources](#resources)

### Getting Started

#### With Docker

make sure to install [docker](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/) and [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/) in your device

```
// to setup an container
$ make setup

// to run in development mode
$ make run-dev

// to run in production mode
$ make run

// to run storybook
$ make storybook

// to run unit test
$ make test
```

#### Manual

make sure to install [node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)

```
// to get into project directory
$ cd app

// to install dependency
$ yarn install

// to run in development mode
$ yarn dev

// to run in production mode
$ yarn build && yarn start

// to run storybook
$ yarn storybook

// to run unit test
$ yarn test
```

### Dependencies

- [Nuxt HTTP Module](https://http.nuxtjs.org/)
- [NuxtJS Storybook](https://storybook.nuxtjs.org/)
- [Jest](https://jestjs.io/)

### Resources

- [Vue.js Guide](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/)
- [Nuxt.js Guide](https://nuxtjs.org/guide)
- [Nuxt Typescript](https://typescript.nuxtjs.org/)
